The the uh by David at this
call, since it's early in the
day, but I think umm, myself and
uh and also critique are joining
from the digital innovation team
and David will be in the final
call.
So I'll hand over to Anastasia
and Martin then to kick things
off.
I'm going to share my screen.
I'm gonna start with.
I'm gonna be switching the
screen a couple of times so.
OK.
So can you see this mural board?
OK.
And please do shout if you
can't.
I guess I'm gonna thank you.
Yep, because.
Yes.
I'm just gonna quickly to so
I've taken the the sessions.
There's a wiki page that
hopefully you've all seen one
moment just fighting with teams
on my other screen.
And I've taken the, UM, uh, the
the topics and put them on here.
Mostly because I suspect we
won't go through these in
exactly this order.
We will probably get stuck on
some or skip some or invent some
as we go along and I just wanted
somewhere I could.
We could capture those as we go,
so we can remind ourselves what
we've done, what we haven't done
and there's anything that moves
over from session one to session
two or three then we can, we can
adjust this board pretty
quickly.
I've just put into the chat a A
link to this mural and the
password, so hopefully everybody
should be able to click on that
link and then type the password,
which is let's dash B-IN
exclamation mark and then click
on the join as a visitor and get
in here.
And the reason for that is I'd
like you, if possible, can you
just in this box over here if
you double click in the white
space area, you'll get a post it
note though or notes, can you
put your name just a as your
first name at the end, but your
full name and what you're hoping
to get out of this, this is
mostly for the non Microsoft
people like are there areas of
this project that you already
know about that you need you're
hoping to get out of this or
what part of this handover are?
You looking to sort of, you
know, be hand, get handed over
to you are, you know, are you
interested in the?
Use your services or the the the
business use case or whatever.
Umm, can't promise to
necessarily adjust and
everything in this session, but
we can at least sort of redirect
sessions two and three if there
are things that we're not
covering that you want covered.
So yeah, just put your name and
we're hoping to get out of it
and that'd be great.
While you're doing that, if
there's anything that comes up
through the session, for
example, if there's any URL's
that I'm referring to that it
might be useful for you to know
that we haven't captured
elsewhere as a section on this
mural where we'll where someone
can drop those, I might get one
of the Microsoft people here is
watching me, struggling to
present to maybe drop, you know,
if I if I'm asking for a a URL
to get repo or a a a resource on
the Internet to drop it into the
into this area down the bottom.
Here.
OK.
I got two people who want
something out of this handover
session, which is maybe going to
make it easy for me or hard, I
don't know.
Let's see.
Here we go.
So, umm, Alex.
Like, really wants those two
things.
She's just copied it and.
Sorry, I'm just a novice on
mural apartment.
That's fine, that's fine.
Thanks.
Actually, maybe maybe I should
go back a step and say umm, do
we want to do a quick round of
introductions as I I feel like
we've all been on separate calls
together.
So I maybe skipped that part,
but I don't know.
Maybe this through this handover
goals we can kind of, yeah, as
as the three different teams you
know the IC team and DDIT and
digital innovation talk about
the things that we're hoping out
of it.
I don't know if you want us to
do a voiceover of this or you're
happy with it.
Just a stickies.
Yeah.
Well, I I guess I was sort of
trying to streamline the process
by you know, I'm as I think I've
probably said before, I'm
useless at remembering people's
names as they go around the
table and say what they want.
So I was hoping if you wrote it
down, I might remember it over
the three days that we're doing
this, but but yeah.
Perfect.
Sounds good. Thanks.
So.
So what I'll do, please keep
you.
Keep this your open if there are
anything you know if if as we
are going through this hand over
there are things where you think
actually on a bit more.
No, I wanna know a bit more
about that or you didn't cover
that very well and you don't get
a chance to say that during the
meeting.
Please just drop those things
somewhere on this board.
It doesn't really matter where
either next to the sessions or
in the handover goals or
anywhere else.
Just please use this as a a
place to interactively try and
redirect or guide the current
session or following sessions.
So I'm gonna just zoom in a bit
and focus on what we're gonna
look at today.
So I'm hoping to cover most of
this stuff.
Let's see how far we get.
I'm gonna start with a.
Basically, I guess it sort of
road map, not Rd maps the wrong
word.
Sign signposts.
Some stuff that we have, we have
a wiki, we have a backlog, we
have a bunch of code
repositories, may not go into a
ton of detail around the code
repositories today, but just
want to show you where those are
so that over the next week or so
you can at your leisure go to
these places and poke around and
then in session two and session
three, you may come with sort of
questions around those things
that are sort of been prompted
by you having looked around, I
think an assure you asked us to
talk a.
Little bit about the user
journey mapping, so we'll go
through point you at that.
I I'm sort of, I'd like to be
guided by you, but I was gonna
sort of like a lot of what we're
doing here.
A lot of this project is based
around this concept called RAG
and I wanna make sure that
everybody is on the same page in
terms of what it is and what it
isn't.
So umm, I don't know.
Could you perhaps, umm.
Maybe give me some sort of
indication of maybe raise your
hand if you if you feel that you
don't know a great deal about
what RAG is, UM, if you can
raise your hand in the meeting
that just helped me know whether
I've got a meeting full of
people who know exactly I'm
talking about or a meeting pool
of people who want to hear her
out this stuff.
I guess again, the Microsoft
people don't need to have raise
their hand.
Nobody's raising the hand.
So, uh, well, we'll cover that.
The right concept stuff.
I'm gonna go through the uh.
Partly through the the backlog,
but some of the experiments that
we have run point at the data
we've been using and somewhere
along the lines we possibly when
I talk about the RAG concept
stuff that might actually sit
with that and go a demo that we
did or that we provided for the
ECN, which was November.
I think last year to the middle
of November, so that might help
sort of set the scene as well.
That's what I'm hoping to do
today.
Some things I won't be doing
today.
I'm not gonna be necessarily
diving into the Python code and
notebooks.
I won't be going through the
Azure resources and services
that we've deployed and the pain
that we've had in deploying
those and I won't be talking
about potential next steps or
potential challenges that we've
had or a or looking at the
future user experience.
Those are all things that we're
planning in future sessions.
Is there anything I'm missing?
Is anything that you're sat here
thinking?
Well, hang on.
I'm hoping to hear about X&X
isn't on this board now is a
good chance to highlight that.
Maybe Martin, I have mentioned
it in the handover goals.
So so when you're, you know,
briefing up was setting up the
context of the project.
You know, please get into the
problem statement and you know
what exactly that we are trying
to solve and experiment and what
is the scope for MVP.
So that is the key for us to,
you know, understand the
following sessions as well.
So if you could set up that
context like what?
What problem are we trying to
solve and why did we choose this
Yeah.
approach and what what did we
try to do during the experiment
stage and what what do you want?
What do we want to achieve in
the MVP stage?
OK.
Yeah, cool.
Yeah, that makes sense.
OK, I'm gonna switch my screen.
I'm going over to my cloud PC,
so let me just Sheridan screen.
OK, I'm going to start umm with
basically sort of pointing at
some of the things that you can
go and look at yourselves.
And so I guess some resources.
Can I?
Does anybody not have access to
this wiki?
Has anybody not been here and
looked at the handover session
list?
Our nomadic, I think from all
uh, from our end, I think
everyone has access to the
DevOps.
I'll check.
Cool. OK.
And they just, that's not great,
but not I'll total these up
later.
So I've I've just dropped the
the URL to this handover thing.
Anyway, if you didn't have it to
hand, then it might be worth
opening it if you want to in
this session so.
Throughout the projects,
throughout the sort of four or
so months that we've been
working, there are a number of
places where we've been
collecting information and
that's the stuff that
essentially you know, it's
yours.
We're handing it over to you.
It's sitting in an Azure DevOps
instance that Novartis set up
for us so that the first thing
to point out is this wiki.
So if you come to the the home
of this as your DevOps instance,
there is a let me just expand
that cause you probably look at
that like this.
There is a wiki under the
overview section.
This is where we have collected
notes, meeting notes, written up
experiments.
I I can't claim that they're all
like perfect or that they are
all written up neatly, but they
but we have a a quite a bit of
information here and it's worth
reviewing this.
The structure of this is such
that we have the, you know, the
exec summary and some, you know,
some stuff around our team and
stakeholders.
There's a section called
Experimentation Game Plan under
which you will find information
about the experiments.
Although essentially yeah, the
the work that we've done over
the last couple of months,
experiment one and two, two in
particular has, excuse me, a
fair amount of write up there.
So that's the experimentation
game plan.
There are some.
I essentially docs that we've
used as part of either
discussions, meetings design, so
some notes you know, as you can
see, sort of fairly informal
diagrams about how things work
or how things are sort of set up
as part of the process.
So the Microsoft team have all
been working on these cloud PC S
and a lot of what we have been
doing over the past couple of
months is fighting with this
setup either to try and get
things installed or get things
configured so that we can
actually do the work we want to
do.
That may or may not be of any
interest to you, or useful to
you, but those things are
sitting most of the developer
guides are around how to set up
how to get set up as a with
Novartis idea how to get your
cloud PC working.
How to yeah.
How to deploy things into uh.
It was.
You're from these machines.
As I said this, this will sort
of would likely to sort of
summarize some of this in terms
of.
This will be useful for anybody
else who comes along after us
and has to have a similar sort
of development set up, but it
may not be exactly relevant to
entirely relevant to someone in
the past who works from there.
From that PC, from that laptop,
it's section here around the
data that we've either requested
or that we have access to.
These handover notes are sitting
here and there's a few meeting
notes in here as well, so that's
the wiki the.
Start light and I I just had a a
comment slash question you
mentioned about the cloud PC's
and some of the issues you had
in setting them up.
It would be helpful for us to
have to have that.
I think you mentioned before you
might write a a list or or
report or something about that.
I just for our awareness, I
think we're always looking for
feedback and I have been asked
this feedback.
Yeah.
So we will be great to be able
to pass it on.
The the and we can try and do
that the the main.
My main comment on the main sort
of piece of advice is try it for
yourselves.
So so I was just anybody who,
you know, I I would encourage
I'm I someone to spin up a
request a cloud PC and then try
to do work on it try to do
development work on it.
I think you'll vote.
No, I appreciate that.
But for those of us who aren't
able to do that, I think I'm
I E.
being asked, you know, so it
would be good if if just great
to hear your experiences with
it.
And and a couple of comments.
Yeah.
And we will try to do that, but
I would and so are you saying
that someone in the artist could
not request the cloud PC from
Novartis so?
No, no, I'm just saying that
when I receive a mail, it would
be useful for me to know exactly
what you as I SE team experience
so that we can pass that
information back as feedback.
You know, I'm sure there's many
people on this call from, like,
the DDIT team who were able to
do that.
But I'm.
I just mean just to just to
elaborate on your comment you
asked if it would be useful
would be very useful.
Thank you.
Yeah, I.
But I would suggest the the best
advice I can give is that if
someone is picking up this code
and wants to sort of try and
deploy some of these things,
provision of cloud PC and then
work through this and there's
there's nothing better than
hitting those issues yourself
and realizing ohh OK, Now I
understand why these proxy
settings are are sort of getting
in people's way.
So and that's I think so we can
write those things up, but the
lift experience is much more
useful I think the.
I appreciate that.
Thank you.
But we're pretty, yeah.
Yeah.
The so that's the the wiki.
The next thing is just to
quickly show case.
We're not gonna focus on this
too much.
We'll skip is is a repositories.
There are a number of kits
repositories in this you know
Dev, OPS instance.
We have one for the ECN demo.
We'll be talking about that a
little bit later.
I think that was empty.
We have a repository which is
essentially the wiki, so the
wiki I've just showed you is a
git repository.
There is a repository that is
the RAG experiment accelerator,
and we'll be talking about that
a bit more later tomorrow.
But essentially this is code
that is that we have Reddy.
No, there was sort of prepared
for experiment three, which
we've never got around to, to to
running.
But essentially, we'll talk
about that.
I can't remember what test repo
is.
It's probably nothing at all.
It's.
Yeah, it's nothing at all.
But anyway, the various
repositories are sat here in in
Azure DevOps and so next I want
to sort of talk about the
backlog so.
If you are, if you come into
Azure DevOps, uh, and go to this
backlogs view and probably
you'll need to, you'll come in
and it will look something like
this.
If you switch this up into to
showing epics rather than
features or stories, then you'll
get this hierarchical view of
the backlog, which I think is
probably the the best way to
sort of get a high level view of
the work we've done.
You can see that these you know
in various different states.
Essentially, we started off Umm
probably around here, working on
an ECN demo and and and setting
ourselves up.
This is basically work around
getting access to things we've
spent some time.
Defining what a potential next
user experience might look like
or future user experience might
look like.
We're gonna talk about that a
little bit later and those are
work items related to that.
While we've been waiting for
data, we've been, uh, working on
on the code base to allow us to
run parallel experiments.
I'll talk about that a little
bit later as well.
And then essentially, we've got
the the work related to the
various experiments that we've
we've been performing.
I I'm gonna talk about the work.
I'm gonna keep saying the word
experiments, and you're gonna
see the word experiments and not
in in the code base or in the
backlog or in the wiki.
And there's probably nothing
sort of magical or special going
on here other than we have
written some code to prove or
disprove or to sort of help us
move forward on a on a bigger
piece of work.
So each of these experiments is
essentially us saying do we
think we can do something and
then writing the smallest amount
of code possible to prove
whether we can or can't do a
thing or to sort of come up with
a sort of a hypothesis or a, you
know, and and for another
question where we can say, well,
actually this didn't really work
out how we wanted it.
What could we do differently?
What should we change here?
And then we come up with another
piece of work.
This is all those experiments
are so we've spent some time at
the beginning of the project.
Uh, looking at synthetic
dossiers?
Uh, we've spent some time
looking at sort of how we might
sort of use historic health
authority questions to retrieve
relevant questions.
I'm going to talk about all of
these things in a bit more
detail later, but essentially
the work related to these
experiments is sort of
hierarchically stacked under
these work items.
So you can see experiment too.
For example, there was there's
been quite a bit of work.
Some of it is closed.
Some of its resolved one or two
bits and pieces are still active
as we write things up, and those
are all sitting there, so that
hopefully as pointed out where
these things are, we will go
into more detail about all of
these things.
Later, but over the course of
the these three sessions, most
of the stuff we're gonna be
showing fit somewhere in the
backlog or in the wiki or in the
code base.
And if it doesn't sit in one of
those three places, then please
shout because it probably means
we're not handing it over to
you.
But OK, before I'm gonna move on
to the user journey mapping
stuff.
Any questions or any comments,
anything anybody wants to say
anything before I do that?
OK, cool.
So why are we doing any of this
stuff?
I guess is one way of putting
this.
This is a.
Let me show you where you can
find this if you want to look at
yourself within the wiki.
Brilliant.
I've had a couple of issues this
morning where as your DevOps has
not been accessible from my
cloud PC, so hopefully we won't
see too many of those.
Under the where is it?
Under the Experimentation Plan,
user experience, user gender,
gender mapping, I'm opening the
PDF that's referenced here.
So all you have that open and
just maximize that we spent some
time talking to the artist
business users to understand.
What they do when so?
Health authorities raise
questions about drug
submissions, and they post those
questions, send us questions to
Novartis and then Novartis goes
through a fairly lengthy
process, which is the thing at
the top of the screen to get to
a point where they can respond
to those questions.
Responding to those questions
involves receiving them and
copying those questions into,
you know, from from the the
system that receives as
questions into word templates to
sending those word documents
around to people, getting
experts to, to look at those
questions, those experts again.
Uh review.
You know that they use their own
subject matter, expert
expertise, their own various
resources within the basis to
come to some draft response to
that question and then that
draft response is is reviewed
and if finally approved.
And then finally, the response.
The answer to that question that
was submitted by the Health
Authority is returned to the
Health authority for them to
consume, and essentially that's
the this in a very in a
nutshell, the top row here and
the idea was to look for ways of
making that process more
efficient, quicker and where
possible, using generative AI
and large language models to uh,
to take some of the heavy
lifting out of that out of that
process.
And that's probably two places
where that, that's that might be
possible one is.
There's a there's some amount of
work involved in, well, there's
a whole bunch of preparation on
the left hand side of this
diagram that could be more.
We more streamlined, so there's
a lot of copy paste opening word
templates, so none of this is
particularly, they're focused
around generative AI or large
language models, but there are
process improvements that could
be made here to streamline this
process.
We've this diagram sort of
talks, sorry.
And Martin, I was sorry to to
ask so many questions, but one
of the one of the thing, one of
the things that came into my
mind when I was looking at this
yesterday was umm with with this
user journey mapped out we had
we kind of approached this with
the solution in mind.
Umm.
And with this user journey
mapped out, there's it's.
You can view it from the needs
basis rather than the solution
basis and instead just like you
said, approach a lot of a lot of
this this journey with
automation or generative AI
solutions.
Is there value in double
clicking in your opinion on this
process and saying well this is
the entire process and beyond
the scope of the MVE could we
see three or four additional
Jenny is smaller use cases
within here that we could
experiment with novatron being
like the North Star vision that
we have.
I yeah, I think so.
I I think so.
If you're if what you're saying.
So I think there's I one of the
things that I think we've we've
we struggled with some of the
beginning of the project was
actually what are you trying to
improve because as you say I
think the beginning of the
project was we want to find
applications for generative AI
within the boxes.
And if you're sort of saying
I've got this solution, I wanna
find problems it might solve
that's you look at things
differently to to this view,
which is essentially saying we
have this quite complex process
that is either you're costly or
time-consuming, error prone.
Ohh, difficult to train people
on whatever you know this this
thing at the top here may be may
have all sorts of issues or
things you want to improve.
What can we do to improve those
things?
Like, how can we make it faster?
How can make it more reliable?
Or how can we make it cheaper?
Whatever that you're trying to
improve, you would probably take
those those metrics that you're
trying to change and come up
with a solution that aimed at
those rather than the answer to
those, to sum all of those may
not be generative AI, it might
be well, OK, we need to uh,
train people differently.
We need to sort of deploy some
different, you know, don't using
word and start using some
something else or whatever.
That is, the answers to those
questions may not be generative
AI.
So I think if you were going to
look at this process and for us
to improve it.
Umm yeah.
I I think you you start you do
the slightly differently too,
but but they are I guess our
hypothesis in the middle here is
that at some point.
The you sleep land large
language models and generative
dialogue is likely to help some
or yeah, at least one or more of
the steps in here.
Yeah, I think that's kind of
what I'm was thinking last night
and maybe one other really
useful output from the user
experience analysis that we
spent time on together is your
perspective on if this was not a
knowledge transfer session, but
a kickoff.
Where would you do your
experiments for?
For for the use of generative AI
in the preparing, answering and
submitting process.
OK.
Yeah.
I'm so potentially we can cover
that in the third session
around, you know the potential
future.
Umm yeah.
Experiments I.
Yeah.
Look, we have to have to think
about it.
I'm not sure.
Umm yeah?
I guess what I'm getting at is
like if we were saying instead
Not sure.
of saying we want to answer
health authority questions and
responses, we were saying we
want to respond to health
authority questions faster.
Here's our user journey.
Yep.
What are the four or five
generative AI use cases within
this that we could experiment
with?
You know, so I think it would
just be interesting to hear your
perspective on that, cuz
acknowledge.
Sorry this is getting a little
bit philosophical, but
acknowledging that experiment is
likely to fail, then you can
pivot quite quickly if you if
you know what your use case
trajectory, so to speak is you
know.
So you're saying this is the
process and these are the five
experiments we think we would do
to improve that process.
This didn't work.
This didn't work, but this
worked and so you know.
Then you're building novatron
from another another
perspective.
Yeah, but I think there's a bit
missing.
What?
So I think you need to know the
four or five places you want to
improve before you know the four
or five places you might use.
You may or may not use
generalize, so I think yeah, you
need to understand the the user
journey and then you need to
know who and which bits and
understand what it is you're
trying to improve.
It is the end to end.
Turn around of, you know,
between receiving a question and
giving out an answer.
If it's that end to end time
you're trying to reduce, and
there are four or five places
where time is spent, you need to
know you need some.
Yeah, you need to know and and
understand where your time is
spent before you then work out
where the Gen AI is. An
appropriate.
Umm, picks, flows those things.
Alette.
They may cause it.
Sure.
So yeah, sorry on stage you,
sorry.
Hey, use me.
I'll.
I'll like I don't know if that's
helpful as well.
I know we touched upon that in a
smaller.
For a meeting with you, I think
I I would personally perhaps
make a suggestion like the the
session that we have, for
example with Lauren to complete
and a couple of other people
from the from the R A-Team.
I think they have pointed out a
few areas where they see sort of
the I guess the most
significant, the a pain point.
So there is where most of the
time is being spent by the
representatives of the RA team.
For example, one of them
potentially was.
You know, people are not very
much willing to put together
that very first draft of the
response.
It's not that maybe it takes a
lot of time.
It's just nobody.
Again, based on what Lauren
said, is nobody's really reeling
probably to go and put that very
first draft because it's not
very interesting.
I'm supposed to work.
Ohh, it's not very exciting
piece of work for for anybody
from our team to do and maybe
it's that area they mentioned a
few other areas.
So to Martin's point as well, I.
Maybe I would have been
recommend sitting down with them
or the people they they end
users who do, who do the work
and identifying some of those
areas based on that mapped sort
of end to end user journey and
then taking it from there.
OK.
And then and then working with a
with another team to kind of
look at.
Yeah, I guess.
Yeah, that's a really good
suggestion.
Thank you very much.
And if from those journey, I
guess the ASK is if from those
conversations that you were a
part of, there were any other
glaringly obvious experiments
you think would be worth
approaching then please do stick
a sticky on here.
I think that would be really
valuable for us.
Thank you.
And I think, as Martin said as
well that some of them probably
could use Gen AI, some some
knots.
Again, it seemed that there were
quite a few areas starting at
the beginning of the process of,
for example, focusing on who is
picked to response to a specific
question and things like this go
into or all the way to the end
to the end of the process.
So it may or may not be, may not
be Gen AI solution.
I suppose this is what I'm
trying to say as well.
Yeah, absolutely.
I appreciate that.
And I think there's other teams
looking at automation from a
different perspective.
So that information is not lost.
You know you can send it on to
different teams and and work
together that way.
Thank you so much.
Cool.
So yeah.
So I guess I'll leap of faith.
Or yeah, for one of a better
word was to to assume that
somewhere in this journey,
journeys of AI may or may not be
useful.
And so if we if we assume that
it will be what can we do to
sort of prove whether the
current set of large language
models and embedding models are
capable in any way of parsing or
processing or understanding?
And I use that word entirely
incorrectly.
Your data so we know that
Novartis has a fairly extensive
sort of uh dataset of historic
questions that health
authorities have asked and the
responses that have been given.
So we we know that there is a
past 2030 thousand of these
questions or or more that are
available to the for some use or
other like sorry for example we
know somewhere in this process
that if if a question has been
asked before if a health
authority or a different
authorities asked a very similar
question in the past wouldn't it
be useful to know that like
wouldn't it be helpful to the to
someone who was trying to answer
this question to know actually
this question or something very
similar to it has been asked in
the.
Past and what was the response?
Because even if if an end user
business user doesn't do
anything with that, just knowing
that that was the case may well
help either sort of answer the
question or determine the
strategy for answering the
question.
It might be that that question
has been pushed back on, or or
not answered, or so I think.
Centrally, we're talking about
search.
We're talking about the ability
to say, hey, I've got a question
that's just appeared in my list
of work.
Gotta.
I've got this new question too.
Uh.
Try and respond to.
Are there examples of this
question being asked in the
past?
So that's that's part one of uh
of the sort of leap of faith
we've made, which is that's
likely to crop up at some point.
So can we in any way prove to
ourselves that this is this is a
problem we can solve, because
questions in fact, if I come
back to the the wiki, one of the
first questions that we had, uh,
I'm going to struggle to
remember exactly where it is.
Uh did.
Maybe it's an exact summary.
Umm, the the questions are not
trivial and I'm.
Maybe some of the data?
OK, right.
So this is one example of it.
So this chunk of text is a
question is a an example of a
question that is that is related
to a particular synthetic
dossier and hopefully you can
see that this is not a trivial
thing to pause.
It's in fact, you know, if you
if you were to look at it, there
aren't actually question marks
at the end of any of the
multiple sentences in here.
It's not obvious that this is a
question, but this is asking For
more information or
clarification around.
Yeah, to clear section of a
document and there's a lot of,
you know, technical words,
references to things, umm,
acronyms.
So our first sort of area of
thought was well, can you know,
is this even something that the
current set of large language
models can can get any traction
with?
Could we take this sort of
question and find similar ones
to it?
Because that is quite a lengthy
question, it's quite quite
dense.
The second part of the Leap of
Faith was well, assuming we do
that, then well, could an A
large language model use both
these sort of historic he's
historic questions and their
associated answers and also the
dossiers that are related to
these questions and answers.
So they multiply the multi page
PDF that are essentially the
drug submissions.
Good enough large language
model.
Use this data to begin the job
of drafting a response.
So not to actually generate a
response that would then be sent
without, you know, human
involvement, but certainly could
it begin to suggest potential
responses and and sort of I
guess sort of you know, remove
that problem where you have a
sort of you know blank sheet of
paper and you know you don't
know what to you know where to
start and give some suggestions
on.
Well, these are potential
responses to this question.
So those two we you know we made
assumption that searching for
and finding similar questions
was gonna be one thing we likely
to need to do and prove that
it's it's possible to do and the
other is pausing and processing
these these these dossiers to be
able to sort of maybe respond to
these questions was another area
that a large lag which model
might be useful for and that
that this would be generally
useful for the the overall
process.
I'm so.
That's essentially the the very
sort of high level problem that
we are trying to solve.
And if I come back or problems
that we've been sort of looking
at and essentially and we talk
about the experiments later, we
just go.
We we have had but the backlog
is probably a better place to to
look at this.
This concept of I'll come back
to that experiment.
One is but experiment two and
experiment three.
Experiment two is is essentially
around, you know, answering that
first or trying to gather some
data that helps us answer the
first question, which is can we
take a new question and find
similar questions to that
question.
So can we go and find related
relevant historic health
authority questions and their
answers given a a new or novel
question that is essentially
experiment to in a nutshell,
experiment three is can we then
take the the vast amount now
counts of dossiers and they're
sort of large amounts of, you
know, each of the each of the
dossiers around the drug
submission is 10s or hundreds of
pages long with a lot of deeply
scientific technical data,
tables, images take all that
stuff and use that to help
respond in some way to questions
around the questions that.
OK, posed.
And that's experiment 3.
The spoilers here is that we we
received data to help us and
start to look at experiment two
around December and we haven't
yet received data to help us
with experiment three.
So I'm likely to spend much more
time talking about experiment
too, because from sort of like
mid December onwards we had some
Excel sheets that sort of helped
us.
Umm, before you know, start to
look at this work we have I
guess spent well.
We spent way less time on
experiment 3 because we haven't
had data to to work on it, but
we can sort of talk about we
talk a little bit about
experiment three later on.
So experiment one really sort of
was a precursor or sort of, you
know, helps us sort of
understand the scope of the
problem, which was that we were
given a synthetic dossier.
I am sorry I a subset of a
synthetic dossier, some
particular sections from a
synthetic dossier which sits out
there on the Internet and we
were able to sort of take a look
at and get some initial sort of
thoughts and views on that.
So experiment one was really, I
guess, sort of.
I the sort of very basic first
pass at can we?
What can we do with?
You know, we we have a better
understand what that, you know,
these dossiers will look like
when we have to get them is what
can we do in terms of breaking
these documents up and then
answering asking questions of
them or asking using generative
AI and and search indexes to
sort of interrogate these
documents.
Excuse me.
I'm just gonna, uh, drink some
coffee because my throat is
giving up.
OK so.
Talked about the the various
assets we've got the user
journey mapping I've I've shown
and sort of talked about the
high level.
I guess the goal that we're
trying to achieve here which is
you know there are two things.
One is searching for and finding
relevant stuff, and the second
one is and then having searched
for and found some relevant
stuff going deeper into that
that data retrieving things from
dossiers and and helping to
respond to questions.
I'm going to move on to two
things now, RAG and the ECN
demo.
I'm just gonna talk about RAG in
general.
It's the concept and then show
the ECN demo which is I guess an
implementation of of that.
Anybody any questions before we
move on?
Anybody from the Microsoft team
think I've missed anything so
far?
Thanks.
It's making sense to me, but and
if anyone from give out to one
Nothing. Mm-hmm.
minute for anyone from Novartis
to.
No, we are good.
Asking.
Please jump into the rack, yeah.
Oh, OK.
Right.
So.
I'm gonna try this.
Is this is, I'm gonna try and do
a demo.
This is almost certainly gonna
wrong, so bear with me.
So large language models.
I mean, if you go and you know,
search for RAG and and go and
watch some videos go and watch
some tutorials on what RAG is
and what it does, it's a, excuse
me, it is a a technique which
allows you to umm, there's
actually feeds data to allow
large language models so that it
can do something useful with
that data.
So I have a a very simple as
you're.
I'm gonna bump up fonts up a
little bit here.
So you can just see what's going
on.
A little very simple, as you're
sort of, I said it was your
resources that I've deployed
into a resource group.
I've deployed a storage account
which is just somewhere to put
files.
I've deployed an instance of
Azure Open AI which is.
I'll show you a minute, but
essentially that's where I can
then deploy my GPT for model,
and that's essentially provides
me an API, an endpoint, and for
or interrogating that large
language model and asking it
questions.
Having that sort of chat
experience, and I've deployed
and you'll see why in a minute,
a search service next to it.
So this is essentially I I you
know, like any sort of that
search services allows me to
index documents and then
provides an API to to query that
index and to retrieve documents.
And so I'm gonna quickly just
jump into my open AI endpoints
and open.
And hope that whatever that is
saying isn't gonna trip me up in
a minute.
Yeah, brilliant.
You know, open.
AI Studio, which is a.
Yes, come on.
Demo Gods, you can do it.
OK, cool.
Which is a.
Uh, sort of tools success on top
of the Azure open AI deployment
that lets you do stuff.
So one of them is, uh, this chat
playground where essentially if
you've used Bing.
How you used any sort of the
open AI chat experiences?
It's basically that so I am now
in the in the center here.
I have my chat window on the
left.
Here I have some setup, some
prompts that I can use to sort
of I guess direct my interaction
with the the the model so you
can see here there's a system
message says that you're an AI
assistant.
That helps people find
information.
I can add this, I can change
this to be something else and
essentially when I chat with
this large language model, this
information is going to be
passed to it so that it then
responds in a particular way,
and commonly you might change
these messages to.
So why the tell it to, you know,
to be very clear on what it's
responding to or just give it
some instructions and guide some
guardrails around how you want
this interaction to take place,
how you want it to proceed.
And so, you know, if I.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Go away.
If I, uh.
Ask it to you know.
Yeah.
Hello please tell me a joke,
then hopefully assuming that
things are working OK, we will
get back a response.
There you go.
Fine, right.
Interesting.
That's the joke I told me last
time when I was doing this demo
a few minutes ago.
So fine, I'm interacting with a
A a chat Bob here.
I can then I've got a big chunk
of text.
This is, UM, Wikipedia's summary
of movie tenant, and I can do
things like you know, please
tell me please this domain.
Carrack, carrack, sorry I can't
demo and type at the same time
from this movie.
Uh, give it a big chunk of text
and hopefully, yeah, there you
go.
It will start to list the main
characters of anovi brilliant
like that's that's fine.
This is stuff you probably seen
before.
If I then say, uh, what is the,
uh, secret uh word?
Don't know.
I'm talking about and this is
where RAG comes in.
So RAG is our ability to sort of
or the process of linking up
generative AI and large language
models with search and search
indexes and data sources.
So one of the things I can do
here is I can add a data source
into this.
Now this I'll quickly do it
takes a couple of minutes for it
to to work, but I can.
So I want to upload some files.
I'm just gonna sort of use the
file upload option here.
There are various other data
sources I could be pointing this
thing at.
I'm going to pick a storage
account that I that I showed you
a minute ago and I'm going to
pick the search index or search
service that I mentioned a
moment ago, and then I'm gonna
give this a index of impact.
Uh Demo 03, and you can probably
get some many times I've
practice this morning.
I'm just gonna click a few
things here.
I'm gonna pick an embedding
model.
Ohh.
Next, OK, and now it allows me
to upload some files.
So I'm just going to get rid of
that text document I have here
this text file.
The secret word is cheese and
this document here the magic
crazes and then just some
rubbish and I'm going to grab
these two files and drop them in
here.
Upload those files and then
talk.
While this does its job and let
me just check that's uploaded.
OK.
Click click.
Click OK then close.
What this then does in the
background is takes those two
documents, indexes them for exit
beddings of those uh documents,
indexes, then makes them
available to the search service
that I've deployed, and then
also makes that search service
available to this.
This chat experience now likely
is likelihood is that this will
not work first time.
So what is the no secret word?
Uh.
OK, so it's still hasn't yet
indexed those, but if I continue
to ask, hopefully.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
OK, we'll give it a couple of
minutes, but the concept I'm
trying to show here is that we
are adding this, we will be
adding additional data sources
that the the large language
model can then access and by
doing that it's it gives the
impression that the the service
has knowledge.
You know that we've, we've
trained is the wrong is
absolutely the wrong word, but
it looks like it has been
trained to understand more
things than it knew previously.
We'll try one more time.
Yeah.
OK, alright.
Well, as all demos are destined
to fail when shown to other
people, and this is probably,
you know, this is fine, but
essentially hopefully you get
the idea of what should happen
and what was happening in
previous instances is that you
get, you know you get the the
response basically sort of tells
me.
Let me just check what it says.
That's interesting.
I think the screen refresh that
I saw earlier actually ended up
sort of removing my data source,
so that's why it's not working.
I think we might have some
connectivity issues between my
cloud PC and, but anyway, yeah,
so this is not this should be
showing the data source.
I won't look setting up again,
but take it as read.
What you would see is it would
it would.
It would give me those answers.
It would tell me that the secret
word is cheese.
The magic phrase is that you
know random sort of characters,
but it was also give me a
reference so it would then say
and I found this in this
particular location.
And that's RAG.
That is essentially the process
that we are trying to use here,
because then we can say, you
know, can you.
I've been given a health
authority question that is blah
blah blah blah.
Can you find me similar?
Can you either you know,
summarize this question or
summarizing questions and sort
of like picking out data from
the question is something that
large language model is capable
of doing it because it
understands the structure of
language and it knows how to
sort of formulate responses to
those sorts of questions.
But if we then say can you know,
is this similar to?
You know other questions or how
would you respond that that
search index and those
additional data sources are
where the are used to then help
formulate answers to those
questions?
Yeah.
Sorry, that didn't work the and
so that's like, you know if you
wanted to go ahead and you could
play with this yourself, do
exactly the same thing as I've
done.
Hopefully see a better response
because you wouldn't have seen a
connectivity issue halfway
through your demo and you'd be
able to interrogate documents as
you see here.
If you're playing with Azure,
then you can point it at storage
containers or or cosmos DB.
You can point it at other
endpoints.
You can ask it to sort of go and
consume data from some other
URL.
I was using the upload files
option here.
The ECN demo that we did was
essentially a much sort of
fancier, uh version of that.
So to try and sort of explain
and show this concept to sort of
artisan to execs, we use this.
Open source demo of A of exactly
that.
So this is a an Azure sample
called chat with your data
solution accelerator.
It's a number of services that.
Essentially, our connected
together and socially files come
into the I I dropped into a
storage account.
Something spots those files have
been added and then indexes
those files.
So correct me uploads those
files into the search index so
that a chat front end can be
used to ask questions about
those those documents.
I have that here again, sorry.
To come back to the wiki just
momentarily.
This will become very already
boring if the PC isn't gonna
connect to things.
Yeah, we don't get very far from
connectivity from here is dead.
I'm just going to check
something.
I mean, it's not my
connectivity.
You can hear me, right?
I'm not.
I'm been speaking.
Martin, I have similar issues by
the way with connectivity to
cloud PC, so you're not the only
one experiencing that.
Just letting you know.
OK.
Yeah, me too.
OK, right.
So with that, so I can't go
there.
But hopefully this will continue
to work because this is
deployed, so this is.
Let me show you the other way
around.
So this is a this is the
deployment of this solution
accelerator.
There are two parts to it.
There is a a front end that
allows you to chat and there's a
back end that allows you to
configure it.
The links to these are in.
I wonder if this is awesome.
It seems to be OK OK, the links
to these things are in the wiki.
Obviously I can't show you the
wiki at the moment, but
essentially this allows you to
do what I was trying to do in in
Azure a minute ago, which is to
ingest the data to upload
additional documents to then
view the documents that have
been uploaded and you can see
here there are.
It's a number of or it's it's a
half a dozen or so PDF's which
are uploaded into into this back
end.
And also allows you to configure
the the prompts and this is.
That's a much more sort of
comprehensive version of the
thing I was showing a minute
ago.
Where?
Umm, every time you chat with
this this this interface.
Essentially, your chat is being
your your your words you've
typed have been placed into the
context of this prompt, which
allows us to, umm, you know,
instruct the the LM to respond
in a particular way.
Always include sources when it's
responding, so always sort of
reference you know where it's
got the information from.
To be very clear, if you can't
answer a question, just politely
say you can't do it.
Do not make up your own answers,
so these are all prompts that
help guide the LLM and the
response you want.
It's also allows you to uh,
sorry to sorry, trying to scroll
the wrong thing to then say
please use these documents or
these references in answering
the question like here.
Here is the sort of reference
source material.
Find your answers from here and
from nowhere else and so that
allows you know, with these
things in deployed, we can then
ask questions of those those
PDFs and get responses back in
this umm, you see it now there's
a I'm not going to demonstrate
this.
Now there is a video I believe
in the teams channel.
That's where a which we use for
the the ECN demo.
James Griffin, one of the team.
One of Microsoft team did a
pretty good job of, yeah,
talking over a video and and and
playing that back.
But.
But in one question, do we have
a control on how to chunk?
I mean to fix this chunk size
and everything and reindex.
Or does it have that capability
with this accelerator or is it
just the default?
Yeah.
So, umm, so let's go.
Yeah.
So let's talk about that.
So I mean, yes, and I the honest
answer is I don't know for this
particular, uh, demonstrator uh.
But in terms of UM in general,
yes.
So the reason we we deployed.
This demo was because we need to
do a demo and so I think, uh.
Does anybody know if this if we
can change the chunk size on
this?
I imagine you can like looking
through the code.
The other projects that we have
been, umm, I was gonna be
difficult to demonstrate it from
here because I can't get to it
or actually no, sorry I can't
get to hear and I can't get to
get help from here.
So one moment I'm just gonna.
Uh, it's.
Martin, if you want the RAG
experiment accelerator, it is
At.
also in the Novartis as though
I've posted it yesterday.
Yeah, but it's the advantage in
the vas, though that is dead or
I can't.
I yeah.
Oh, yes, Sir, shouldn't.
So I'm so let me.
Let me think Carol can do this
to answer your question is
there's become back to, yeah.
So in the ECN demo, it's worth
keeping in mind the ECN demo is
nothing more than taking this
open source project, deploying
it, and then ingesting some
data.
We haven't done anything to sort
of customize this in terms of,
to be honest in terms of the
prompts that you see in the back
here in the configuration or the
chunk size, the the way it's
sort of chunking those documents
or anything.
So this is a sort of right off
the shelf, deploy it, give it
some data, ask it some
questions, see what it does.
And it was really to sort of
less to do with, you know is it
giving perfect or good answers
and to say is it giving any
answers?
Is this a?
There's even a sort of an
experience, a user experience.
That, umm, that makes sense
within the parcels.
So this particular UM project
I'm sure you can change the the
the size that it breaks those
documents up into the chunk size
and how much they overlap, but I
don't think we've done anything
to configure it and I can't
honestly tell you exactly where
you would do that on this
particular project.
Umm, the of the source.
OK.
Other projects that we have been
using is a thing called the RAG
Experiment Accelerator.
Now I would like to show to you
because it's.
Is that gonna load?
Hey. OK.
Within the repositories of the
Azure Dev OPS Instance, RAG
Novartis starter is a is the
project that we would use for.
For this and this project, this
is 1 moment I'll get up.
I'm going to when you're at.
Put this into the chat just so
it's variable.
So this this URL almost
certainly won't work for you,
and I if you have a GitHub ID,
can you please drop it either
onto the mural or into the chat,
actually drop it onto the
Murali?
I think we will lose access to
the chat after this meeting so
that in Session 2.
By session two you can you can
look at this repository
yourself.
It's it's currently a private
repository.
Only Microsoft people and others
who have been invited into it
can see this.
It's due to be open sourced, so
actually it made public at the
end of this month, which is not
great for today, but it means
like in a couple of weeks time,
hopefully this will be, you
know, accessible to anybody, the
right experiment accelerator.
And this is a, uh, a version of
it.
Umm.
Is is a set of tools set of
Python scripts that are designed
to help us working out the
optimal way of chunking, parsing
these documents, and how much
overlap there should be?
Can someone remind me, Tanya?
Maybe where that is that
configuration of like those
parameters in in the repository?
Yes, there is a config folder
and the conflix folder.
It's right on your screen.
Uh, yeah.
It's a conflict for the not the
environment. Yes.
Yeah.
So all of the parameters are
here.
Cool, but so this, this
accelerator or this this code
base is is not designed to be a
I guess an end solution.
What it's designed to do is
allow you to experiments with
various different junk sizes and
overlaps.
So here we can define an array
of different chunk sizes.
So we can say we wanna take 1000
characters from each of the
documents at the time, and we
want them to overlap by 200
characters characters each time,
and that's how we want to sort
of break these documents down
and then index them and create
embeddings from them.
This code base is designed to
then allow you to say well
actually I wanna try, you know
1500 and 1500 and 200 with
overlap sizes of 200 and 100 and
500 and whatever and it will
then help automate or all of the
permutations of those things
with different umm yeah and and
whole bunch of other sort of
parameters so that you can find
you know for this particular
type of document an optimal set
of configuration.
So it's not an end, it's not a
sort of, you know, sort of
product in its own right.
It's a sort of scripts that
allow you to go through that,
like somewhat laborious, sort of
repetitive, trying these things
out and seeing what's better.
But do it at scale and one of
the things that Tanya has worked
on is so this.
In its original form was sort of
Python files that would run, for
example, from your cloud PC and
use as your services to do those
things.
But instead we built we we've
added functionality and allow
you to run those in Azure ML.
So you can run those things in
and those URL pipeline and do
the same thing.
Essentially, run a whole load of
umm experiments is overloaded
word, but experiments that are
around different chunk sizes and
different overlaps and different
ways of even comparing those
things.
So in terms of how you looking
at the yeah, cosine similarity
or something else in terms of
like how similar, you know how
good your search results are.
So you can come to some
conclusion.
Actually for my data we get best
the better performance with this
particular set of configuration
and then you could go on and
build something.
You could take that to a uh, you
know, a sort of more polished,
polished user interface and a
polished system, and know that
these are the this is the way
that we want to set it up is
that.
OK.
But does that make sense?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Cool.
So, uh, whereas mural gone
right?
So yeah, so RAG as a concept is
really around and feeding a
large language model with stuff
so they can answer questions
about that stuff.
Large language models, you know,
they don't learn, they don't
change over time, but you can
feed them.
Data and then ask them to answer
questions about that data and
the ECN demo is essentially a an
implementation of RAG which we
used to go off the concepts and
explain how it might work.
Neither of the repositories that
we have here, neither the ECN
demo repository, which is the.
I think I've just lost
connectivity again.
Near the end demo, which is
called ECN demo.
I believe, or this RAG Novartis
starter demo should be
considered as end as an end goal
or a product that you'd put in
front of real users.
One is that a demo to sort of
demonstrate the concepts and to
get people interested, excited,
educated about, you know what's
possible and the other this one
here, the rag and Novartis
starter one the is A is a set of
tools that I data scientist or
software engineer would use to
try and work out well.
Can we get good results from
from this and what?
And if we, you know, if we're
trying to get good results
trying to get some good search
results or good responses from
the large language model, how
what configuration do we need to
use to get the best results out
of that?
Yeah, that looks like a probably
lost connectivity again to the
so dev OPS.
Sorry.
I'm.
That's really where.
So I'm conscious that we've got
15 minutes left in this session.
You know, we're clearly not
gonna get all the way through.
I'm probably not going to talk
about data, so I'm just gonna go
over there and I'm not gonna get
through these experiments, but
partly because I can't even show
you the the board or the wiki or
anything.
So let me just add to a higher
level and let's hope that next
time we meet, we can look at
this in detail.
Experiment one, as I said, was
really sorry.
Sumit, 2, was really trying to
work out whether we had, whether
it was possible to take the
large for the lengthy complex
and questions that come in from
health authorities and in any
way get any traction with a
large language model to get it
to.
You know, I don't understand the
question or be able to parse the
question rather and then to be
able to use search indexes and
the embeddings of these from
these.
These are questions, embeddings
being a vector version of that
question, A using a model to
take a chunk of text and turn it
into a an array of floating
point numbers, whether those
embeddings were useful and that
was experiment two.
Experiment three would have been
to have run the the repository.
I'm just showing to you against
a large number of real dossiers
to work out all these dossiers,
something that you know again
have content, that is, that we
can usefully junk and index and
then retrieve data from, and I
think for both of these, but the
jury is somewhat still out on
both of those in terms of we,
well, we certainly don't in the
in the last of those that
experiment three stuff.
We haven't had any significant
amount of dossiers to three sort
of answer that question.
We know that dossiers are
incredibly dense in terms of
technical or scientific
terminology, but there's a lot
of UM, images.
Uh diagrams tabular data, so we
know that they are nontrivial.
Uh, and we don't know that if
that that we will be able to
reliably, uh, chunk those
documents up, index them in some
way and then retrieve useful
information from those documents
to be able to sort of formulate
to.
So either answer questions about
those documents or formulate
answers from them.
We've started to with the chat
with your data demonstrator.
We've we have got half a dozen
or so PDFs from a synthetic
documents that are ingested.
We've had a members of Novartis
teams that have asking this
question.
Sorry, asking this system
questions of those documents and
with with some success and with
some failures.
But as I said, this is a demo
that we haven't tweaked.
We haven't tuned, we've deployed
as is.
So exactly why some of the
answers are, umm, some of the
the chats interactions are
successful and some of them are
not.
We don't really know, so
experiment three.
We haven't got that far with
experiment two in terms of
searching for data, we've had
some a little bit more success,
but there's probably still some
plenty to do we have.
See if I've got.
Connectivity.
Yeah.
Umm with experiment 2, which is
to be honest, where we will
start looking at code next time.
We have spent a lot more time on
this and being able to, you
know, get a little bit further
along the path.
So perhaps I'll come back to the
wiki.
Just to sort of reiterate what
we're trying to do here, so we
have, we were given some data
sort of, yeah, sort of MIT
December time, an Excel sheet
with a set of 20 to 30,000.
Historic Health authority
questions and their answers.
Not that the in general, not the
full question or the full
answer.
If they were incredibly long,
then they are truncated, but for
the most part there's there's
enough data there to do
something with.
We were given an Excel sheet and
we have taken that and reduce
the number of columns because
there's a bunch of properties
against these.
Umm these rows that we don't
care about or or that are not
useful to us?
We've umm limited number of rows
by picking out particular types
of question.
Answer there.
Again, this spreadsheet has has
a wide range of data in it.
Some of it again was deemed as
not so useful.
We haven't actually cleaned it,
but that would we have
considered clean the data, but
taking this input data and
essentially splitting it so
taking some of it and indexing
that data in AI search in a zero
AI search so that it is
available to be searched upon
and the other umm that's that
data keeping that back so that
is not indexed, it's not parts
of the search index and then
really using this as test data
to allow us to run a bunch of
experiments where we essentially
take a question from the right
hand side and then.
Present that question so to to
AI search and say you please
find things that are similar to
this.
Get some responses back.
Evaluate those responses and
repeat and so.
Experiment two was essentially
that we took.
We went well a couple of runs of
it, but we took.
Three or seven questions.
Uh, we first of all, we asked
the, you know.
Uh, business analyst, business
experts to to find us some
questions that they knew there
were good responses to.
And so in that example, we had
three questions which we asked
and we got responses back and we
asked people to then rate on a
scale of five being awesome.
You know, this is a perfect
answer to one.
This is a very poor answer.
Score the the the top five
results that they got back.
We ran the same thing again with
20 or so.
Like not randomly picked books
I've picked by Microsoft like we
picked 20 questions from here
and again ran the same process
and asked for experts to score
those results again between
five.
Yeah, that's a perfect answer to
to one.
Experience to 2.12 point two are
essentially variations on that
theme.
And we can go into that a bit
more detailed exactly what they
are.
I think next time, OK, that's
probably not as far as I think
we were hoping to get in this
session.
I've talked to I've sort of teed
up some conversation around the
experiments, but I think we're
gonna probably, there you go
into the minute more detail and
and show you the code and
probably it may well be easier
to show you those experiments,
those those specifically
experiment two stuff by opening
the notebooks and walking
through them.
So there's like 7 minutes left
here.
Any comments, questions,
thoughts has any of this been
either useful, mind numbingly
tedious the wrong thing, the
right thing? Yeah.
No, it was good.
Anything back?
Nothing, but maybe for for
tomorrow's session.
If you could stress some bit on
how you evaluated the results
and how many iterations that you
have done in terms of umm uh,
you know finding out or refining
the search part, that would be a
Yeah.
good a good, a good thing to
learn and and I in the beginning
of the session there were few
things I think I don't know
whether you will be able to
answer it but it is it looks
like we need a business a person
to answer the questions because
they if you go to the ohh the
user journey PDF so.
There were, uh, apart from
dossiers and Haq database, there
were in the in the answering
part in the in the as is
Sorry.
Yeah, OK. Yeah.
process, yeah.
So if you see there were like
foundry data, 42 other large
data storage, public external
storages, all these things were
Yep.
mentioned.
Are we also considering that as
part of the experiment, or is it
only the dose here and cheques
part of it? Ohh.
Well, yeah.
So I think the right now, no, we
haven't considered any of those
things.
So I think later when we when
we're in that sort of face to
face meeting in in Basel in
towards the end of January,
there were a couple of other
data sources.
Is, for example, there's a I
think we we we learned there's a
there's a one note or that
there's a there are strategies
to answering some of these
questions.
So if a health authority says,
you know, could you please
justify XY and Z in this?
But actually there are for some
health authorities.
You may just simply answer that
question and for other health
authorities, you may push back
on that question.
So it's not that there's a right
or wrong answer.
There are strategies around
answering some of these things,
and we learned that there's a
there are some sort of notes or
there's a OneNote file there,
certainly some some ways of
responding to those things.
And so there are definitely data
sources that sort of come into
this process that need to be
sort of considered.
But the reason we sort of picked
the health authority, the
historic health authority
question that dossier is as the
only data sources and to be
honest, I believe only dossiers
from like one part in the part.
It's not from you know.
There are different sources for
both of those two things as well
was that we wanted to start
somewhere and start small
because if it turns out that
that a dense Leah could be
technical question such as the
one I showed earlier isn't, you
know, we can't get any traction
with it with with one example,
then it's probably you know,
very little likely that we're
gonna get.
It doesn't matter how many data
sources you've got.
If all of your questions look
similar and the large language
model is is incapable of like
ripping it apart in a useful way
and finding similar questions to
that question, then it's sort of
like game over.
You might as well.
You either have to sort of
rethink the approach or you have
to, you know, wait for the
technology to catch up, or or
something.
There's there's something that
you need to do.
So rather than consider every
single data source that possibly
exists and sort of bringing them
into into what we're doing, we
we we said well look just give
us one like one data source, one
type of document even I would
suggest if you you know picking
this up and still moving forward
you know one health authority,
one type of question one you
know prove that this is possible
with a very small constrained
set of data and then expand out
I think if you were to sort of
consider all of these different
data sources up front you.
Very quickly be overwhelmed with
with an integration project and
you'd go through it.
The process of OK, well, how do
we get all of these data sources
to big feed into something
without necessarily knowing
whether you were even gonna be
able to do anything useful with
them later on?
So they're really, yeah, this
was useful to capture.
But in terms of the experiments,
which are essentially like, is
it worth continuing or not it?
Can we do this or not?
We we wanted a much more
constrained so inputs to that.
I left you sure? Sure.
Uh, so I'll let you go your
hands up.
Yes, thank you.
Uh, it just if we have.
Uh, two minutes.
Tanya, I saw you some emails on
the dev environment.
Could you just add a high level
list like the issues that you're
experiencing?
Right.
Just.
Can we take?
Can we take that offline?
Yeah, totally.
Very happy to umm just popped it
in the chat there, so if you
could send me a mail that would
be great. Thanks.
That he was asking because I've
got a hard stop at half past.
I mean, I'm happy for you to
carry on, but I think, yeah,
we've got a hard stop at half
past.
Now offline is great, just would
love to understand umm what's
missing in terms of setting up
the dev environment at a high
level.
Thank you.
OK, so tomorrow, assuming or not
tomorrow.
So I think it's a, yeah.
Thursday.
So it's like, yeah, on Thursday
we will so bit more in detail
about the experiments and I will
go through the Python code for
those things.
I'm gonna sort of in doing that
point at some of your resources
and services.
Uh, some things that sitting in
various resource groups and
we'll be showing some of the
data we've been using.
I will be opening excel sheets
which have historic health
authority questions in them.
I don't know.
I assume that we're not
recording, so the Microsoft
isn't recording, but the vast
says I don't believe there's any
issue with those questions being
on screen and recorded that I'll
let you think about that between
now and then.
If you want me to do that
slightly differently,
essentially I will be showing
some.
Yeah, not all of them, but just
a couple of questions and their
responses.
Nope, that's fine, Martin.
And like yeah, I yeah.
That's why we set it out from
our end. You.
Cool.
I'm ohh sorry uh Marsan just
wanted to say and for everyone
Awesome, right?
So that that'll be session two,
yes, go for it.
as well and the useful links
session as Martin was going
through.
I dropped just a couple of links
over there.
We went to the handover weekend,
another one to the right
experiment accelerator.
Reply over here if there are any
other useful nodes and resources
that people think they might
need, please let us know.
Awesome. OK.
Thank you very much.
I'm afraid I need to dash.
Hopefully that was useful.
Thanks.
Hopefully Thursday is going to
be useful too.
If you have any comments,
thoughts, feedback between now
and then just gotta drop them in
this mural or ping us on teams.
Yeah.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
Thanks a lot everyone. Bye.
Thank you. Bye.
Thanks, bye.
Thank you. Bye.
You.